So now I'm on my AWOS console and my Alamdar functions and I'm just going to go and refreshed to see
my no just LAMDA.
And there we go.
We have our No just Lamda function.
So let's just go ahead and check it out.
And as you can see we have the proper execution roll access policy as we can see from S three and cloud
watch logs.
And if you go below with our function code we can definitely check out our source code from here.
And as we can see with the runtime we have no J as a top 10 runtime.
And we have the proper Flunder the function handler and we have the proper execution roll.
We have the proper memory and timeout.
So we basically have everything we need for our nodes as lambda.